readme.md, before:

## github.com/a-weinert/weAut

Some publications and public / open source projects respectively parts of
them will be mirrored here for those preferring Git over SVN or web download.

rasProject_01part is a very small subset of 
[rasProject_01](https://a-weinert.de/pub/raspberry4remoteServices.pdf "Raspberry for remote services"),
see also  
[on SVN](https://weinert-automation.de/svn/rasProject_01/ "use guest:guest").

frame4j_part is a very small subset of [frame4j](https://frame4j.de "a Java framework")
containing just the Java version of the Raspberry Pi I/O with pigpiod demo in Java.
See also
[on SVN](https://weinert-automation.de/svn/frame4j/ "use guest:guest").

See also 

#### web content and blog by A. Weinert
+ [blog on GitHub Pages](https://a-weinert.github.io/index.html "blog startet April 2019")
+ [Albrecht Weinert](https://a-weinert.de/index_en.html "Albrecht's web site")
+ [weinert-automation](https://weinert-automation.de/index_en.html "development service consulting")

##### German/Deutsch:
- [blog on GitHub Pages](https://a-weinert.github.io/index_de.html "blog seit April 2019")
- [Albrecht Weinert](https://a-weinert.de/index.html "Albrecht Weinerts Web-Bereich")
- [weinert-automation](https://weinert-automation.de/index.html "Entwicklung Service Beratung")

Commit message:

PI GPIO with Java beta1

readme.md, after:

## github.com/a-weinert/weAut

The main project presented here implements Raspberry Pi IO with Java; see more
on the
[blog post](https://a-weinert.github.io/posts/2019/05/raspiGPIOjava.html "blog post on Raspberry Pi IO with Java")
hereunto. 

rasProject_01part is a very small subset of 
[rasProject_01](https://a-weinert.de/pub/raspberry4remoteServices.pdf "Raspberry for remote services"),
see also  
[on SVN](https://weinert-automation.de/svn/rasProject_01/ "use guest:guest").

frame4j_part is a very small subset of [frame4j](https://frame4j.de "a Java framework")
containing just the Java version of the Raspberry Pi I/O with pigpiod demo in Java.
See also
[on SVN](https://weinert-automation.de/svn/frame4j/ "use guest:guest").

The parts of those projects relevant for the Java PI IO are mirrored here 
for those preferring Git over SVN or web download.


See also 

#### web content and blog by A. Weinert
+ [blog on GitHub Pages](https://a-weinert.github.io/index.html "blog startet April 2019")
+ [Albrecht Weinert](https://a-weinert.de/index_en.html "Albrecht's web site")
+ [weinert-automation](https://weinert-automation.de/index_en.html "development service consulting")

##### German/Deutsch:
- [blog on GitHub Pages](https://a-weinert.github.io/index_de.html "blog seit April 2019")
- [Albrecht Weinert](https://a-weinert.de/index.html "Albrecht Weinerts Web-Bereich")
- [weinert-automation](https://weinert-automation.de/index.html "Entwicklung Service Beratung")
